# Pomodoro Timer Project

## Building uv environment
You need to install uv before doing the following steps.
1. create venv environemtn with the following command.
    uv init pomodoro-timer
    It allows you to initialize your project to define your project as a package and anyone can open the project anywhere same as you do in your environment.

2. Try to execute main.py
    You can see how it works when you type python main.py in a command prompt.
    Then, you can also try to execute uv run main.py, and you can find it also works.
    When you execute the project with python main.py, python try to use local python python. On the other hand, when you use uv run, it build a virtual environment for the project and install some libraries into it. Therefore, it allows you to install many libraries to your local machine and keep your host machine clean.

3. Add libraries into a virtual environment only
    Once you type uv add plyer, which is a library to notify you as desktop notification, you can see it will be executed in a virtual environment of the project. So, you can check the toml file saying that it has plyer in a dependencies section.
    It means uv environment could successfully install the library in the environment and you cannot access the library when you don't use uv.
    
4. Change your code to notify the completion of the pomodoro-timer
    You can see the notification shown by plyer after fixing your code like below.
        from plyer import notification

    notification.notify(
        title='作業完了',
        message='ポモドーロの作業が完了しました。休憩しましょう！',
        timeout=5
    )

    (This code is generated by cursor)
    You can see the power of uv. It allows you to install libraries quickly and use it simply.

5. Use FastAPI and Uvicorn libraries
    You need to add these two libraries to start pomodoro-timer web app. FastAPI is a library to let you use API with ease. And Uvicorn is a web server library.

6. Create a new feature of HTML response to a simple FastAPI request
    You should change your main.py to response with HTML displayed in a browser when client call a request to uvicorn. This will be a base of the pomodoro-timer app.

7. Use ninja2 library to separate python and HTML
    ninja2 library allows you to separate html contents from Python login part.
    You can see HTML content is inserted into the response